W-12585897-apache-kafka-reference-update-kt (#2260)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: kafka/4.7/modules/ROOT/pages/kafka-connector-reference.adoc

| Bootstrap Server URLs a| Array of String |  List of servers to bootstrap the connection with the Kafka cluster. This can be a partial list of the available servers. |  | x
| Group ID a| String |  Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration. |  |
| Consumer Amount a| Number | Determines the number of consumers the connection initially creates.  |  `1` |

> | Maximum polling interval a| Number |  The maximum delay between invocations of poll() when using consumer group management. This places an upper bound on the amount of time that the consumer can be idle before fetching more records. If poll() is not called before expiration of this timeout, then the consumer is considered failed and the group rebalances in order to reassign the partitions to another member. For consumers using a non-null `group.instance.id` which reach this timeout, partitions are not be immediately reassigned. Instead, the consumer stops sending heartbeats and partitions are reassigned after expiration of `session.timeout.ms`. |  `300` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Maximum polling interval a| Number |  The maximum delay between invocations of poll() when using consumer group management. This places an upper bound on the amount of time that the consumer can be idle before fetching more records. If poll() is not called before the expiration of this timeout, then the consumer is considered failed and the group rebalances to reassign the partitions to another member. For consumers using a non-null `group.instance.id` which reaches this timeout, partitions are not immediately reassigned. Instead, the consumer stops sending heartbeats and partitions are reassigned after the expiration of `session.timeout.ms`. |  `300` |
```
